>> Brian Holt: First thing here is
we're going to create a server.
So equals new Mcp Server
name: "add server".
You can call whatever you want and
you have to give it a version.
This is just telling it like,
hey, I have version 1.0.1.
So if you have cached internally 1.0.0,
please invalidate your cache and
repull it.
Okay, so now we have this MCP server.
We're gonna say server.registerTool.
So add.
There we go.
And then we're going to give it a title.
So this is really important because
this is how the AI is going to
decide do I want to use this tool or not.
So we're going to call
this the addition tool.
We're going to give it a description,
add two numbers together,
and then we're going to
give it an input schema.
Input schema.
And then here's where
we're going to use Zod.
So we're going to say A is
going to be Z number and
B is going to be a Z number.
So we're building an MCP server that
all it does is it takes in two numbers,
adds them together,
returns them back to the LLM.
Okay, so after that you're going
to give it a function async.
It's going to get an A and B.
So this is the object that it's
going to get from the LLM.
It's gonna get a and b.
That's going to be function and
it's going to return content,
type text, text colon string A plus B.
I guess we probably could
have given a number back,
but everything's going to
be put into a string anyway.
So I put it into a string.
So essentially your MCP
server can expose many tools.
We're exposing one tool here,
the add tool.
We've given the title
of an addition tool and
the description is that it
adds two numbers together.
So that's going to give the hint to the
LLM is like, hey, if the user is asking
you to add things, I'm a tool that does
exactly what that user wants you to do.
It says that if you want to use this tool,
give me A, give me B and
then run this function by passing A and
B into it.
I'll do some sort of deterministic
code based thing and
then I'll give you back an answer.
This is the power of the MCP server
is adding two numbers together.
No, I'm just kidding.
The power of MCP is that you can
define inputs into a system and
then you can deterministically Accomplish
a thing and then give it back to the LLM.
Because that's the problem with LLMs is
that they are just wildly inconsistent.
Even if you give a ton of prompting and
say, if a user asks to do this, do this,
this, this, this and this, and then return
this, sometimes it's just like, well, I
know better than what this user is asking
for, therefore I'm not going to do it.
My favorite example of this is we make
a MCP server for databases, right.
And we used to give the database,
was here,
just run whatever SQL you feel
like against the database.
And so
one of my favorite things is like, hey,
put this information into the database.
And what the agent decided to do is,
this doesn't fit in your database.
I'm going to drop your database and
recreate it.
And so it just dropped everything,
recreated everything from scratch and
dropped all the data with it.
But it didn't care because that was
outside of its prompting, right?
Made total sense to this agent.
It's like, yeah,
you don't want this database anymore.
You want a database where this fits,
right?
So now we just don't give it
the capability of doing that.
We say, here's a tool for adding things
to the database, here's a tool for
migrating databases.
And by the way, there's no tool for
dropping database.
Stop asking me to drop databases, right?
>> Speaker 2: So it knows to use
this tool based on the description.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: How much context
should you put in that description?
>> Brian Holt: That's a good question.
I don't necessarily think I
have a great answer for you.
The real answer to your
question is enough.
In this particular case, putting anything
else here would just be superfluous.
You wouldn't want any much more than this.
So you don't want to put too much context
there because then you start getting
the LLM to hallucinate ideas like,
you use this word to real numbers, right?
And then it's going to start really
hinging on this word real and
going off in weird directions.
You didn't really anticipate it for.
Despite the fact that it is a real number,
right?
But it's superfluous in that context.
Whereas the prompts for, I mean,
I wonder if I can bring up
the neon MCP server, GitHub.
Yeah, some of these would be really good.
An optional id, like, you can see
that they're not terribly long here.
These are ones that are actually
describing parameters.
They're not describing tools.
But you can see some of these
get a little bit longer,
but you can see like
they're not paragraphs.
Right.
They're several sentences.
And it's enough to get the LLM
familiar with what you want from it or
what you want it to do with it,
and not anything more than that,
because it usually causes
more problems than it solves.
Is that dodgy enough of an answer for you?
Okay.
>> Speaker 2: That works, yeah, thanks.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
definitely check out this one.
This one's a very, like I would venture
to say it's one of the best made ones.
We spent a lot of time trying to get this.
I was talking to someone
at Microsoft the other day.
They actually say that they use ours
as an example to all their customers,
as well as how to make and
ship an MCP server.